
I am currently enrolled at NW in the Computer Science BS program.  I am in my third year of attendance, but I will graduate this spring in April.  My goal for years has been to earn a career in software engineering and I am excited to get started.

I came to NW from Stanton, IA in the Fall 2016 semester with two semester's worth of credit completed.  Having the ability to dual enroll in college courses while in high school was a huge opportunity that I took full advantage of.  During my time at NW, I had the pleasure of working as a tutor and Supplemental Instruction Leader for the General Statistics course.  I also taught a Statistics Strategies course once a week for students who needed a little extra guidance on certain topics.

My main goal for the near future is to find a career in the Omaha area working as a software engineer doing something that interests me.  I am also considering pursuing another internship before looking for a full-time position.  Although I am working hard at becoming a full-fledged developer, I have also considered a career in database management or administration.

For my life further down the road, my main goals are less career-oriented.  Within the next five years I would like to become a homeowner and start paying back as much as possible on my student loans.  My only career related goal for the next five years is to eventually move up to a slightly higher position doing work that I love at a company that I enjoy working for.

One interesting and rewarding experience I had with programming came while I was in high school.  I had known for a while that I was interested in programming, but I never had a way to learn other than online tutorials.  To remedy this, and to be certain that I wanted to pursue programming, I worked with my high school Staff, Teachers, and alumni on creating a self-guided programming course that several students enrolled in.  While it was mostly introductory topics and basic programs, it remains one of the most rewarding experiences I have had.